Let me outline what you'll learn in each lesson in this course.
In the first lesson,
you'll learn about iterative design, its history,
and why it is so important to data product managers,
will also explore the business stakeholders
you'll be working with as a data product manager.
Finally, I'll discuss the final project you'll tackle in this course.
In lesson 2, you'll learn about key performance indicators or KPIs,
including choosing and calculating KPIs for products that are live in field.
We'll first learn about KPIs for different business models.
Then we'll discuss how to calculate
common key performance indicators that measure user acquisition,
activation, retention, and revenue.
Finally, we'll cover how to ensure you have the data you need to measure your KPIs.
In lesson 3, we're going to talk about user conversion bundles,
including how to measure user drop-off between steps,
and how to visualize funnel drop-off in tableau.
By analyzing user funnels,
you'll learn one way to reveal potential opportunities for product improvement.
Using data to identify areas for improvement is
an important step in the cycle of data-driven iterative design.
In lesson 4, we'll cover segment analysis,
including how to divide users into
cohorts or segments that share similar characteristics.
How to identify attributes in your data for use in user segment analysis,
and how to apply cohorts and segments to funnel and feature usage analysis.
By looking at product data broken into user segments,
you'll be able to identify opportunities to engage
and improve user experience for different types of users.
In lesson 5, we'll dive into qualitative and quantitative data,
including methods for collecting qualitative data and
integrating data into the iterative design process.
We'll also discuss using the jobs to be done
theory to better understand customer desires.
Finally, we'll learn about using the RICE framework to prioritize product improvements.
The sixth and final lesson in this course focuses on A/B and multivariate tests,
including how to choose an appropriate test for a given situation,
how to track data during a test,
and how to evaluate a test results for statistical significance.
Experiments like A/B and multivariate tests allow product managers
to know with confidence whether a new feature results in desired outcomes.
Designing and launching tests is
an important step in the cycle of data-driven iterative design.